# Yukari's Perspective
It has been a long time. A very long time indeed. Gensokyou hadn't even been a thought on my mind, let alone been established yet. As such, it was still very much the time of youkai, myths, and legends. Even though I was much younger, I still had already found a good balance in nature. As such, I had built my home out on the far ends. After all, my abilities would allow me to travel any distance effortlessly and instantly. There was no need to stay close to the human settlements, I could pay them a visit any time I desired.

For the most part I led my life in seclusion, in balance with nature. Over time, the fauna and flora around my establishment got accustomed to me, so it wasn't out of the ordinary for animals to come by for a curious visit. However, this one time was special. This one was different.

This I remember quite vividly. I was sitting on the porch, pondering about this and that. The weather was quite nice outside, though a chilly breeze made things a bit colder than need be. The air was filled with this silence that seems to be quite common during fall. A calm, yet tangible silence. I heard a faint rattling coming from the storage room to the side. This was curious, since I always made sure to lock it tight, so that animals wouldn't wander on in to dig through the supplies.

I quickly peered inside with a gap and found a little fox ripping open a bag of dried meat. This cunning little rascal found a different way inside. Indeed, I discovered small paw prints on a shelf leading up to a slightly opened window. I then made a decision. I would capture this fox and use it for some experiments. At the time I was very interested in the mechanism behind the transmission of spiritual energy. Perhaps it would be possible to tame this fox and with its cooperation finally unlock some of these mysteries.

I opened the shed's doors and gapped the fox to the kitchen. It had caught a quick glimpse of me, but the gap tends to incapacitate smaller animals, so I was quite sure that I couldn't have had scared it too much quite yet. On my way over I planned out my next steps. Usually food seems to be the way to gain an animal's trust, and this one seemed to be famished. I also heard that foxes were fond of fried tofu, so I decided to cook some of that.

While I was making myself busy cooking, I thought back to my earlier experiments. It seems that spiritual energy follows a natural flow to try and achieve an equilibrium. However, it amasses itself in objects, and particularly in living beings. There is some kind of force at work that keeps it in place. There's also ways to transfer this energy between places, so I was interested in figuring out how to accomplish this. A lot of the process behind this seems to be buried in the brain. Or in the very least that is a tangible place to start. Gods and Youkai being spiritual in nature are much more difficult to analyse. Hopefully it would be a success this time.

After a while the fox finally awoke. It almost immediately tried to dash off the shelf where I put it and towards the door. I swiftly caught it. Struggling and fidgeting, trying to break free from my grip I looked at it sternly and spoke very slowly, but precisely. "Fox. I bear you no ill will. I will provide you with food and shelter." It had stopped moving and seemed almost in a trance. "The only thing I expect in return of you is not to run off. You are to remain here for now. Do not leave this room." I paused for a brief while and then gently set it back on its feet. It broke free from its trance and immediately hid behind a shelf. Satisfied that it wasn't trying to flee through the door anymore, I went back to work.

I put a full platter of fried tofu on the small table in the middle of the room. The fox had been watching me work from his little hiding place, so I sat down on the opposite side of the table and waited. Animals are very cautious, but the smarter they seem to be, the more curious they are as well. Perhaps it is the lust for knowledge that compels them. It didn't take long then for the fox to poke its head out and slowly, one step after the other wander closer, eyeing me suspiciously all the while. I pretended to be asleep. And sure enough, that made it confident enough to quickly snatch a slab and dash back with it.

The procedure repeated a few times, hungrily gulping down on it every time, though never letting its guard down either. It managed to clear off the entire plate. However, such a hunger could only be followed by a great drowsiness as well. Soon enough it had fallen asleep in its little hiding hole. Ensuring myself that it was properly asleep I got up and cleaned the kitchen.

--

On my way out I made sure to close the sliding door shut. The fox was still asleep, and I hoped it would remain there. I was quite sure that it had not actually understood my words earlier. After all, whenever an animal happened to understand a human it turned out to be a youkai later, and I was quite certain that this fox was not one. 

The sun had already set, so it was getting quite dark around the house. I lit a candle and headed over to the library, where I noted today's finding in my diary. Over all my time, it has proven very resourceful to keep a record of the major events in the day. Otherwise a lot of useful little thoughts and realisations get lost to the ether.

As my eyes grew weary, I decided to settle for the day. I closed up the library and set off for the bedroom. The moon light shone brightly through the paper windows. It prickled on my skin and dust glimmered brightly around me. The moon always did have a strange pull on youkai. I never quite understood why. Another mystery to figure out some day.

My mind filled with thought I donned my night gown and laid down to sleep. At the time I was used to a human sleeping cycle, in order to more easily accustom myself to their habits. I was easily powerful enough to withstand the energy low throughout the day. In fact, I held too much power for my body to handle. This, coupled with my sleep-walking, would cause gaps to appear randomly around me to let off the excess. Or at least that's what I figured was going on. Being asleep I couldn't exactly confirm it, but every morning the room always felt unusually stuffed with energy.

That night however I did get to witness it first hand. I was awoken by an unusual presence in the room. Immediately as I gained consciousness I noticed the heavy air all around me and felt the presence of a variety of fissures, but I couldn't control them. I opened my eyes and saw the fox standing in the doorway. And then I noticed something peculiar. The massive amounts of energy sloshing about the room started flowing into the fox's body. Not only that, they started to change something about its presence.

Suddenly my hair stood on end and I felt that something very bad was about to happen. I was certain that the fox was the cause of it. Oh if only it had remained in the kitchen as I had ordered it to! Anger and fear washed over me and the fissures danced menacingly as my emotions fluttered. I shouted at the fox which had just remained frozen where it was. Finally it seemed to have come back to its senses and bolted out of the room.

And with it, the ill omen was gone as well. The atmosphere discharged itself and everything returned to a calm and quiet state. The fissures were still there, but they even seemed peaceful in a way -- tranquil under the soft, blue light flowing into the room through the windows. I calmed myself with a sigh and let myself down onto my bed. I felt drained and weak. I would have to analyse what happened when I got up again, right then I was too tired to think straight. I returned to sleep and didn't wake up again until late in the morning.

--

I woke up very slowly and only got up when it was already nearing noon. I felt awfully tired and sore. The sun glistened into the room and it told me that this was going to be a quiet day. I got dressed and headed out to the library first thing. I noted my experience from the previous night in as much detail as I could. While I didn't intend for any of this happened, and was slightly worried that something might have gone awfully wrong there, I was still intrigued. Something had changed in the fox, and the abundant energy must have been the cause for that.

Having finished my writing I went on to look for the fox. Thanks to the barrier around the house it could not have escaped, so I was quite certain that it would still have to be around somewhere. After a good while, I finally found it lying in a bush in front of the storeroom. It as breathing heavily and several wounds were visible, and it seemed to be unconscious. I prepared a small bed for it in a side room and treated the wounds. The strange feeling I had remembered that night was still there. Something felt different about the fox. I couldn't quite put my finger on what though.

Over the coming weeks I pondered about what had happened. I decided to experiment and put several different animals into my bedroom, to see if I could replicate the event, but to no avail. Furthermore, it seemed as if the amount of energy I lost every night had lessened to a degree. The room never did feel as charged anymore in the mornings as it had before.

The fox didn't regain consciousness. The wounds were healing fine, yet its condition seemed to worsen by the day. It puzzled me a great deal. I knew that I was missing something crucial, but I couldn't figure out what.

One day --I'm not quite sure which-- I was busy reading over old manuscripts in the library when I suddenly saw a white flash somewhere outside, followed by a loud racket. I ran out and towards where I thought the sound had come from. I found myself standing in front of the side room that I had placed the fox in.

The walls were damaged, wood splinters and broken plates were strewn all over the floor. In one corner of the room lay a small girl. Or at least it looked like a girl for the most part. Aside from a human body she also had two ears and a fox tail. Much more revealing than that though was the aura she sent out. This was very obviously and clearly a youkai. One that had just been born mere seconds ago and was overflowing with energy.

Immediately it flung itself at me, probably both out of mere confusion and out of the burning desire to test its newfound power. I caught it with my hand. It struggled under my grip and stared at me furiously. With one motion I threw it into the opposite wall, but it immediately tried to launch itself at me again. This same procedure repeated itself a few times, until it finally crumpled together on the ground, shaking.

Encounters with new youkai like that are always difficult; they are reckless -- too confident in their own power and all too eager to prove it. Worst of all, they lack the sense to know when they are clearly outranked. I didn't have any patience for this sort of thing.

I grabbed a set of light clothes, laid them on the ground in front of it, and stepped out. I desperately needed time to mull things over and letting it have some time on its own come to its senses seemed like a wise decision. I withdrew myself to my study. After a while, I finally figured it out. The reason why the experiments hadn't worked, the reason why this fox did not get better despite the medical treatment, and the reason why it had finally turned into a Youkai. It all hinged on one crucial fact that I had missed all along: that fox.. had already been on the verge of death when it came here.

At once I understood the very nature of youkai and how they came to be. My mind was racing with ideas and theories. I quickly sat down to make record of it all. Not before long I had lost track of time.

I didn't see it again for two days. Sooner or later however it would have to confront me again, of that much I was sure. I used the time to clean up and repair the old side room that had been demolished and to think about how to proceed. By now things had diverged from my initial plans so far that I didn't really know how to proceed. I now had another youkai in my house; one that couldn't speak, let alone understand how to behave properly.

Evening was already closing in on the second day when I heard another loud crash. Tired and worn out from a long day of research, I slowly scuffled over. This time it came from the kitchen. The door was drawn wide open and various clanging sounds could be overheard. What I saw made me snicker. It looked too silly. In a pile of kitchenware sat a little girl, rubbing her head, wincing in pain. She wore a long, white nightgown that had been muddied by dirt and shrubbery. But not only was it far too large for her, she also wore it backwards. Two fox ears pierced out of her golden hair and immediately twitched in my direction as I entered. As soon as she saw me she hissed at me and hid behind the shelf. On the way there she tripped over her dress but quickly got up again.

The two orange eyes followed my every move as I begun preparing dinner. It all played out almost precisely the same way as the very first time we had met. I put the finished plate down, and slowly but surely she dared to come closer and gobble it up. She looked at me with eyes full of curiosity and bewilderment, but I sensed something else too; something very subtle about her expression that I couldn't quite understand. In a flash, the whole plate was empty. Seeming satisfied with the meal she burped and hiccuped. Slowly she began to become drowsy and curled up in a ball in the corner beside the shelf. Her piercing stare never left my face until she finally closed her eyes and dozed off.

--

The following weeks were rather difficult for me. I had to get used to someone following practically my every move and I constantly had to clean up various messes that she created. Gradually though we got accustomed to each other and things started to work out better. While she behaved like a human child for the most part, she still very distinctly was not one. Every now and then she would try to attack me or destroy parts of the house. Overall however, she was altogether too amiable towards me for a youkai. It puzzled me a great deal; there must have been something left that I did not quite understand about our nature yet.

